Drake the type of nigga to high five you with both hands and lock fingers
Drake the type of nigga to open a bag of chips with scissors
Drake the type of nigga to safely eject his USB
Drake the type of nigga to sneak fruit into a movie
Drake the type of nigga to ride a horse with both legs on the same side
Drake the type of nigga to wave with both hands
Drake the kind of nigga to text others niggas goodnight before going to bed
Drake the type of nigga to pretend to be asleep in the car so his boys will carry him inside
Drake the type of nigga that comment on porn videos saying "You dont have do this."
Drake the type of nigga to search "personality" on PornHub
Drake the type of nigga to lick his thumb and wipe sauce from his boys face
Drake the type of nigga to leave his phone at his girl house on purpose with a note that says "I trust you :)"
Drake the type a nigga to cover his eyes during the scary part
Drake the type of nigga to roll his eyes in the back of his head when he bites into chocolate.
Drake the type of nigga to set an alarm at 11:11 to make a wish
Drake the type of nigga to sing happy birthday to himself twice when washing his hands
Drake the type of nigga who say thank you when cops give him a ticket.
Drake the type of nigga that steps out of the shower to pee in the toilet.
Drake the type of nigga to try and make eye contact with you through the crack of the bathroom stall
Drake the type of nigga to ask you watchya thinkin bout
Drake the type a nigga to hold his farts when he wit his boys
Drake the type of nigga who gets upset if you don't notice he recently cut his hair.
Drake the type of nigga that would get nudes from a girl then photoshop clothes back on her body and send it back.
Drake the type of nigga who reads the terms and conditions.
Drake the type of nigga to say me three
Drake the type of nigga that starts pillow fights
Drake the kinda nigga that eats pizza with a fork and knife
Drake the type of nigga to delete his Facebook status when no one likes it
Drake the type of nigga that still thinking about the girl that unfroze him in freeze tag in the 3rd grade.
Drake the type of nigga to take a picture of another nigga, take it to the barber and say "this one please"
Drake the type of nigga to put his socks on with both feet in the air
Drake the type of nigga to end up on Maury and wish he WAS the father.
Drake the type of nigga to tell his boys to come and share his umbrella.
Drake the type of nigga who wears two pairs of underwear just in case.
Drake the type of nigga who takes a girls virginity and tries to give it back
Drake the type of nigga that cry when he jerk it bc he don't like cheating on his girl.
drake the type of nigga to pour milk in the bowl first then the cereal
Drake the type of nigga to wear a condom during phone sex
Drake is the kind of nigga who see a bruised banana and say "who hurt you?!"
Drake the type of nigga that knows the moves to "Single Ladies"
Drake the type of nigga to get a pumpkin spice latte.
Drake the type of nigga to spray perfume then shimmy into the mist
Drake the type of nigga that would fart in the toilet and then flush it
Drake the type of nigga who asks you what your super power would be if you had one, just so he could tell you what his would be.
Drake the type of nigga that calls you back right after you hang up because he wants to say goodbye again
Drake the type of nigga to do pushups with his knees on the ground
Drake the type of nigga to buy ice and take it to the north pole so he can set it free
Drake the type of nigga to put a squishy grip on his pencil
Drake the type of nigga to meow back at a cat
Drake the type of nigga that gives you steroids to work out harder, and when you win, tell you they were placebos and it was you all along
Drake the type of nigga that would insult you privately then apologize publicly
Drake the type of nigga who keeps a diary.
Drake the type of nigga to have a night light in his bathroom.
Drake the type of nigga that wraps his beer wit a napkin
Drake the type of nigga to tell his coins that they don't have to change
Drake, the type of nigga to say god bless you after you fart.
Drake the type of nigga to kick both feet behind him when he shoots the basketball.
Drake the type of nigga who sits when he pees
Drake the type of nigga to open a car door for another nigga
Drake the type of nigga who will lick his hand and fix your hair in public
Drake the type of nigga to tuck you into bed and read you a bed time story in ALL the voices!
Drake the type of nigga to drink capri sun out of a glass
If you say your exes name 3 times in the mirror, Drake appears and cries with you.
Drake the kinda guy to fall asleep first at your sleepover birthday party
Drake the type of nigga to put toilet paper down on the seat in his own house
Drake the type of nigga to be a single mother
Drake the type of nigga to tell a treadmill "You don't have to let people walk all over you."
Drake the type of nigga that volunteer to go buy his girl's pads.
Drake the type of nigga to cover his eyes while his girl is changing.
Drake the type of nigga who puts sunscreen on before going outside on a cloudy day
Drake the type of nigga to cry after sex
Drake the kind of nigga to hold his boys hands whilst crossing the road
Drake the kinda nigga who asks parents permission before goin online.
Drake the type of nigga to cover his homeboys eyes and say "Guess who?"
Drake the type of nigga to twirl the phone cord around his finger while you're talking with him.
Drake the type of nigga that follows you on twitter and doesn't ask to be followed back
Drake the type of nigga that when someone else fart, he takes the blame.
Drake the type of nigga that will upvote all of these comments.
Drake the type of nigga that eat Doritos and makes his homie lick the cheese off his finger.
Drake that type of nigga thats says thank you after sex.
Drake the kinda nigga that happy he meeting otha niggas
Drake the type of nigga to tie your shoes when he sees them untied
Drake the type nigga who says bless me when he sneezes.
Drake the type of nigga to go to your house and do your dishes
Drake the type of nigga to fast-forward through sex scenes in movies
Drake the type of nigga to cover his ears during a fire drill
Drake's the type of nigga who thinks he can change the man
Drake the type of nigga who pee on the bowl of the toilet so his niggas don't hear it through the door
Drake the type of nigga to ask his home boys if they're ticklish
Drake the type of nigga to bring lemon squares to a rap battle.
Drake's the type of guy who cries every time his math teacher asks him to find "x".
Drake the type of nigga that says sorry, walks out, and closes the door softly when he catches his girl with another dude
Drake the type of nigga who brings salads to a bbq
Drake the type of nigga to tell everyone lights out at a slumber party.
Drake the type of nigga to pat the tip of his penis with toilet paper after taking a piss.
Drake the type of nigga to hold his ice cream cone with two hands
Drake the type of nigga who has sex with his girl in the shower so she can't see him crying.
Drake the type of nigga who turns his spoon upside down to eat ice cream
Drake the type of nigga to steal your girl, feel bad, and help you two get back together.
Drake the type of nigga to burp into a napkin.
drake the type of nigga to bake cookies for the new neighbors across the street
Drake the type of nigga to tell dumbbells they smart
Drake the type of nigga to give you a towel when he finishes.
Drake the type of nigga who put the dogs back/
Drake the type a nigga to wipe from front to back
Drake the type of nigga that acknowledges paternity
Drake the type of nigga to pretend to hurt himself so his boy will give him a piggy back
Drake the type of nigga to say bless you after you sneeze.
Drake the type of nigga that says robitussin after somebody coughs
Drake the type of nigga to cry over spilled milk.
Drake the type of nigga to get milk and apples in his Happy Meal.
Drake the type of nigga to leave a nightlight in the bathroom for his guests
Drake the type of guy who irons his underwear
Drake the type of nigga to say "guy" instead of "nigga" when making a joke about himself.
Drake the type of guy who takes his lady out and orders two cosmos
Drake the type of nigga to ask a nigga if its okay to use his toilet paper
Drake the type of nigga to dry grease off pizza with a napkin
Drake the type of nigga that will get the poison out if his buddy was bitten on the junk by a snake.
Drake the type of nigga that wash his has BEFORE taking a piss.
Drake the type of nigga that calls a hookup and asks "what are we!
Drake is the type of nigga to keep poking you on Facebook
Drake the type of nigga that only takes one candy from the bucket on Halloween.
Drake the type of nigga that will that will say "you the man"
Drake the type of nigga whose hardest experience was getting shot on Degrassi.
Drake the type of nigga that people call Canadian
Drake the kind of nigga to run a bath for you.
Drake the type of nigga to look at "drake the type of nigga" jokes, laugh and say "omg that's so me."
drake the type of nigga to eat two gummy bears together they dont have to die alone
Drake the type of nigga to do push ups with his knees on the ground
Drake the type of nigga who kicks his leg when he hugs his friends.
Drake the type of nigga to brush his teeth BEFORE he eats.
Drake the type of nigga to make his boys breakfast in bed, just cuz.
Drake the type of nigga who's says bless me after he sneezes
Drake the type of nigga that take an eyelash off his homies face, tell his homie to blow it and make a wish.
Drake the kind of nigga that be by your side no matter what.
Drake is the type of nigga to ask for whipped cream on his coffee
Drake is the type of nigga to answer his phone with "Heyyy girlfriend!" no matter who is calling
Drake the type of nigga to lose a fight and say "we all winners"
Drake the type of nigga to buy Valentine's Day candy for all the people in his family, and his ex's since childhood
Drake the type of nigga to get out of the shower to pee
Drake the type of nigga that lets you borrow his casserole dish and be too polite to remind you that you haven't returned it.
Drake the type of nigga to wipe the make up off a clowns face and tell him he doesn't need make up to be beautiful.
Drake the type of nigga that makes eye contact with you while eating a banana.
Drake the type of nigga to have a one night stand with a chick and ask "so what are we?"
Drake the type of nigga to put the toilet seat down.
Drake the type of nigga to click Exit because he wasn't 18 yet.
Drake the type of nigga that ties his shoes without bending his knees.
Drake the type of nigga to fart in a room by himself and say 'pardon me'.
drake the type of nigga to hug the doorman
Drake the type of nigga that sit when he pee
Drake the type of nigga to applaud for the sunset.
Drake the type of nigga to use baby wipes to clean his penis after peeing.
Drake the type of nigga who wipes his ass after farting
Drake the type of nigga to brush his cat on a daily basis.
Drake the type of nigga to dot his i's with hearts
Drake the type of nigga to wear an apron while microwaving a Hot Pocket.
Drakes the type of nigga that waves at you with both hands
Drake the type of nigga to fart in a toilet and then flush it
Drake the type of nigga that sees this post and go 'you guys so funny!!!x'
Drake the type of nigga to make cookies for the new neighbors across the street
Drake the type of nigga that will cut your chicken strips for you
Drake the type of nigga who would cover for you when you were out drinking with your buddies
Drake the type of nigga who never gonna give you up, never gonna make you cry, never gonna run around and desert you.
Drake the type of nigga to bring rice cakes and assorted vegetables to poker night
drake the kinda nigga calls farts "foofs".
Drake the type of nigga that if he wasn't in the game would be rubbing lotion on women's hands in the mall.
Drake the type of nigga who reads the EULA and decides it's not worth the risk.
Drake the type of nigga to start worrying if his poop is green.
Drake the type of nigga to blame it on the lag when he frags someone.
Drake the type of nigga to hold his drink with two hands.
Drake the type of nigga to find all dragonballs and wish for a better life for his ex
Drake they type of nigga to tell one of his boys that he looks handsome.
Drake is the type of nigga that'll jerk off, cry and cuddle with himself.
Drake the type of nigga to steal your girl, deeply regret it, then try to get you back together with her
Drake the type of nigga that know in his heart that the Undertaker should be 22-0 at WrestleMania
Drake the type of nigga that read the terms and conditions before agreeing
Drake the type of nigga that say "you hang up, no YOU hang up".
Drake the type of nigga to you probably didn't read past there because almost all the comments start the same. If you're reading this, hi :3
Drake the type of nigga to open a door for himself and say "Why thank you."
Drake the type of nigga who sits down when he pees so theres not splash back mess around the toilet
Drake the type of bugs to get raped in jail and dropped the charges because he felt a connection
Drake the type of nigga that would cry when his Pokemon evolved & would scream "you promised me you would never change..."
Drake the type of nigga to put but his hand on your forehead to check your temperature
Drake the type of nigga to hold the tissue and tell you to blow
Drake the type of nigga to say "Ooooh!" and "Ahhhh!" watchin fireworks.
Drake the type of nigga to rock a velro wallet.
Drake the type of nigga to never flush, cuz he can't let shit go
Drake the type of nigga to cook with an apron.
Drake the type of nigga to count to two minutes when brushing his teeth
Drake the type of nigga to buy precut watermelon
Drake the type of nigga to not take a shower during shark week cause he afraid of the water
Drake the type of nigga that stands next to you at the urinal even though no ones using the other ones
Drake the type of nigga to compliment his boys on wearing sweatpants, hair ties, and no make up.
Drake the type of nigga to leave with the ball if you don't pick him on your team
Drake the type of nigga to not bend his knees when he ties his shoes
Drake the type of nigga that watches the notebook
Drake the type of nigga to purse his lips in a selfie.
Drake the type of nigga to volunteer to sit on somebody's lap when there's no more room left in the car
Drake the type of nigga to wear a condom even when he's not having sex... just to be on the safe side.
Drake the type of nigga to hear about this post, look it up and cry at the comments
Drake the type of nigga to sing about smoking weed but actually never tried it
Drake the type of nigga who spray cologne in the air and shimmy into the mist
Drake the type of nigga who sits when he pees
Drake is the type of nigga that takes a picture of another nigga to the barber and say "This one please"
Drake the type of nigga to eat spaghettiOs bc he don't wanna run into an x.
Drake the type of nigga to take a girls virginity and try to give it back.
Drake the type of nigga to say "I love you" on the first date
Drake the type of nigga that will put a period after "LOL."
Drake, the type of nigga who asks to share dessert
Drake the type of nigga that don't ask if you've seen "Breaking Bad" before.
Drake the type of nigga to fart in the toilet and flush
Drake the type of nigga that helps set Waynekent up on Imgur with a nice Imgurlady.
Drake the type of nigga to go to a shopping trolley and say you don't deserve to be pushed around.
Drake the type of nigga to get nudes and photoshop clothes on them.
Drake the type of nigga that plug his nose jumping off the diving board
Drake the type of nigga who cleans the toilet seat after peeing.
Drake the type of nigga that dances like Carlton from Fresh Prince of Bel air
Drake the type of nigga to cover the clock on the treadmill with a magazine so he can't see how much time is left.
Drake the type of nigga who switches his relationship status to "its complicated" after a fight
Drake the type of nigga to ask the bouncer if they have an umbrella holder
Drake the type of nigga to just giggle and move his head around as his dog licks the inside of his mouth
Drake the type of nigga to watch all the purses while the ladies dance
drake the type of nigga to wait 30 minutes after eating before he swims
Drake the type of nigga with sensitive nipples.
Drake the type of nigga to wear safety goggles and a condom to beat off.
Drake the type of nigga that walks on his toes while barefoot
Drake the type of nigga to offer the Dorito flavor on his fingers to his boys
Drake the type of nigga that says he needs to take a poop
Drake the type of nigga to compliment your acoustic guitar playing at a campfire
Drake the type a nigga that paints his toenails, then blows them dry
Drake the type of nigga who laughs along to all the "Drake the type of nigga" jokes even though he's crying inside
Drake the type of nigga to drink diet Sprite
Drake the type of nigga to wait 30 minutes to swim after eating.
Drake the type of nigga that replaces the toilet roll when his boy used the rest
Drake the type of nigga to turn off his phone during the opening credits.
Drake the type of nigga to sit next to his boy in the restaurant booth
Drake the type a nigga that takes a pregnancy test "just in case"
Drake the type of nigga who's sex always ends with an "x".
Drake the type of nigga to like his own selfies
Drake the type of ninja to buy his boys a 'just because' card.
Drake the type of nigga that wear rainbow toe socks
Drake the type of nigga to ask if you want sugar or splenda with your coffee.
Drake the type of nigga to make you a friendship bracelet.
Drake the type of nigga who smokes a cigarette through a cigarette holder
Drake the type of nigga that wears a condom before he gets a BJ.
Drake the type of nigga to tell his bodyguard, "OK now I'll be Whitney"
Drake the type of nigga that lets white people get away with saying nigga on the internet.
Drake the type of nigga to let Calgon take him away.
Drake the type of nigga who puts his "blanky" around another nigga when he says "it's chilly up in dis bitch"
Drake the type of nigga to write songs about going home
Drake the type of nigga that puts cheese on his sub sandwich in a zig-zag fashion.
Drake the type of nigga who reads the cooking directions for Kraft Dinner
Drake the type of nigga gets outta da shower to pee
Drake the type a nigga that gets a "do you like me? Check yes or no" tramp stamp tattoo.
drake the type of nigga that goes to bathroom to fart, wipes, and washes his hands.
Drake the type of nigga that buys winrar to support the company
Drake the type of nigga that snapchat his food before he eat it
Drake the type of nigga to set an alarm at 11:11 just to make a wish
Drake the type of Nigga to open a bag of chips with scissors
Drake the of nigga to see a bruised apple and whisper "who did this to you?"
Drake the type of nigga who pees with his pants all the way down
Drake the type of nigga to ask for a yoohoo at the club.
Drake the type of nigga to act like nothing is wrong but secretly is dissapointed that you called someone else your best bro.
Drake the type of nigga that if you follow him on twitter, he follows you back, and tweet's at you "lets be great friends"
Drake the type of nigga that get his parents' permission before going on the Disney website.
Drake the type of nigga to wear a condom during sexting.
Drake the type of Nigga to wear a comdom during Sexting
Drake the type of nigga to apologize to the guy who uses the bathroom stall after him.
Drake the type of nigga to pick up a soccer ball and say you don't deserve to be abused like this.
Drake the type of nigga that use his turn signal when he parks
Drake the type of nigga to drop a rape charge because he felt a connection
Drake the type of nigga who knows the extent of his own gag reflex
Drake the type of nigga that steals something and then help´s the owners find it.
Drake the type of nigga to reply to these comments with gratitude for thinking about him
Drake the type of nigga I don't know.
Drake the type of nigga to read the TOS.
Drake the type of Nigga who supports his kids!
Drake the type of nigga to started from the bottom now he queer.
Drake the type of nigga to offer the Dorito flavor on his fingers to his boys
Drake the type of nigga to ask to just put the tip in and mean it.
Drake the type of nigga to ask his parents before going online
Drake the type of nigga to read the terms and conditions
Drake the Type of Nigga that offer to rub your back when your constipated on the toilet to help ease your bowels.
Drake the type of nigga to eat a banana and maintain eye contact.
Drake the type of nigga to write down everyone's names when the teacher left the room
Drake the type of nigga to own five kinds of shampoo.
Drake the type of nigga to say "No you hang up" to his homie on the phone
Drake the type of nigga that holds one leg up when he kisses his girl.
Drake the type of nigga to tell his girl you're not pregnant we are pregnant
Drake the type of nigga to cry cause he let a Pokemon get away.
Drake the type of nigga to give a Everstone to his Pokemon because they're "Perfect the way they are".
Drake the type of nigga never hanging up first!
Drake the type of nigga to take a cute girl home from the club at 2 a.m. and help her bake cookies
Drake the type of nigga to stop at a red light on gta
Drake the type of nigga that tells a stripper "your better than this". Lol
Drake the type of nigga that will secretly watch chick flicks and cry
Drake the type of nigga to look both ways before crossing an empty street just in case.
Drake the type of nigga who waves at you with both hands
Drake the type of nigga to see a shopping cart at Walmart and say "Don't let people push you around."
Drake the type of nigga that tugs his niggas in
Drake the type of nigga thats canadian.
Drake the type of nigga to poke his boys on Facebook
Drake the kinda nigga who buys a stroller before he gets his wife pregnant
Drake the type of nigga to wear daisy dukes while watching precious.
Drake the type of nigga to wear a snuggie.
Drake the type of nigga to say my pleasure
Drake the type of nigga to muffle his farts with toilet paper.
Drake, the kind of dude to gently cover his boy with a blanket after he passes out on his couch.
Drake the type of nigga to turn down a threesome, then explain to his boys "YOLO".
Drake be the type of nigga, when you blow him a kiss, he will catch it and put it in his pocket.
Drake the type of nigga that texts high five emoticons to his boys for no reason at all
Drake the type of nigga that cancels his own bachelor party, because "everyone has to get up early tomorrow for the big day!"
Drake the type of nigga that wears shorts in the shower
Drake the type of nigga to click his heels when he gets outta bed
Drake the type of nigga to coat check a hoodie
Drake the type of nigga to read these comments and think, "yeah I do that"
Drake the type of nigga that leaves love you messages in steam on the bathroom mirror so when his boys take a shower they see it.
Drake the type of nigga to put on his seat belt before starting the engine.
Drake the type of nigga to kiss boo-boos better
Drake the type of nigga to tag all his friends in a cute picture so they see it
Drake the type of nigga to close his eyes during a man hug
Drake the type of nigga that knows the difference between red and vermilion
Drake the type of nigga to answer the door when the Jehovah Witness knock.
Drake that type of nigga to put Hellmann's mayonnaise on his damn sandwich with a side of sea salt potato chips and sparkling water.
Drake the type of nigga to upvote every repost
Drake the type of nigga to lick his thumb and wipe a smudge off his niggas face
Drake the type of nigga to dring rosé wine
Drake the type of nigga who holds your hair back when you puke in the toilet
Drake the type of nigga to think about that Charmin bear every time he takes a shit
Drake the type of nigga that at a 4 way stop, tells u to go, but then you don’t do anything, so he starts to go right as you do, then (1/2)
Drake the type of nigga to upvote selfies on imgur.
Drake the type of nigga to Notebook his boys
Drake the type of nigga
Drake the type of nigga to host a movie marathon... of Bridget Jones movies.
Drake the type of nigga that eats pizza with a fork and knife
Drake the type of nigga that raps like he's hard knowing he's soft as tits.
Drake the type of nigga that doesn't always up vote butts
Drake the type of nigga who says bless me After
Drake the of nigga to go to the bathroom, fart in the toilet, flush and wash his hands.
Drake the type of nigga to cry while he beating his meat cause he'll think he's cheating on his girl
Drake the type of nigga to pause Netflix when you get up to grab something
Drake the type of nigga to do the Walton's goodnight
Drake the type of nigga to read these, curl up in a ball, and cry softly into a pillow.
Drake the type of nigga to play the piano with his tears.
Drake the type of nigga that wanna talk about your feelings
Drake the type of nigga to suck dick for bus money and walk home
Drake the type of nigga to watch the notebook on a rainy day
Drake the type of nigga to order a salad at a steak house.
Drake the type of nigga that cried when his tamagotchi died.
Drake the type of nigga to eat bacon with a fork
